Hello friends, in today's video we will talk
about ICICI Lombard's Elevate Health Insurance Policy. This is a very
new plan and has been launched with many unique features. You have
flexibility as per your requirement and
you
can add any benefit as per your need. For example, this
policy claims, in this you can claim amount up to ₹1000.
[Music]
Before doing so, I would like to tell you that I am
Mahendra Rao. I am a Chartered Wealth Manager
and a qualified personal finance professional
and I have been associated with this industry for the
last 17 years. We work to
deliver the financial dreams of investors.
Therefore, if you look at our company's tagline,
it is 'Financial Dreams
Delivered'. So let's see what is ICICI
Lombard's Elevate Health Insurance
Policy. To understand this, we have
divided it into four parts. First,
we will understand what are the unique features the
policy provides.
Second, what are its eligibility criteria?
Third, if I take its base plan,
what are the benefits covered?
Fourth, what is the advance that we are talking about in this,
so let us
understand what are the unique features of this policy.
If I talk about the unique features, the
first one is the maximum entry age. The
maximum entry age in this policy is 125
years. You heard me right, 125 years. So, if a
person of any age is there, then he
can enter this policy. This is a very unique
proposition. This is probably the first
proposition that the company has brought in the market where
you can enter the policy till 125 years. I am
not talking about renewal, I am
talking about entry. Second, the
advance has become 30 lakhs,
but if you have a claim of 50 lakhs, then during the
policy period, it is not saying that
during the policy period, you can settle a claim of 50 lakhs one
time through this policy.
Third is the Infaculate Bonus. If
you choose this option, then if you have taken a base
policy of 10 lakhs, then it will keep
adding your bonus every year at 100% of the Infa
amount.  Normally, if it
matches with the base plan, then after that the
bonus stops getting added. But in this policy,
if your base policy is of Rs. 10 lakh, then Rs.
10 lakh will keep getting added every year. Rs. 10
lakh, 20 lakh, 30 lakh, 40 lakh, that will be up
to
Infidel Score Discount. This is the first and
unique feature where you
get a discount on the premium on the basis of your
SIBIL score. Maximum discount in this policy is Rs.
15 on the premium on the
basis of your SIBIL score.
You are getting discount on that basis.
Fourth is Infidelity Assurance. In this addon,
your pre-assisting disease
also starts getting covered within 31 days.
Normally, my pre-assisting disease gets
covered after 36 months. If I
take this addon, then my pre-
assisting disease starts getting covered within
31 days, like diabetes,
hypertension, asthma,
obesity.  All these things start getting covered from my 31st day.
This is a very
unique position, if anyone has a
pre-existing disease then he can avail the benefit here.
Fifth is for infeiting
where the minimum range starts
from 5 lakhs and then increases to 7.5
lakhs, 10 lakhs, 50 lakhs, 1 crore but here you
have the option to choose
infeit. There is also a claim of 1 crore or 2 crores,
so this is the benefit in the policy
that you can take that much claim from it. So
friends, this was the unique feature
of this plan, let us understand what is the eligibility,
what is the eligibility for
getting into this policy, so first of all we will
see the entry age which is from 18
years to 125 years, like if
I say 125 years then there is no maximum age
limit here, okay, after taking the policy,
I get life long renewal guaranteed here
and if I look at the policy type  So I
get the policy here on an individual basis and on a family floater basis and
in family floater my family size should be
maximum two adults and three
dependent children, okay, there is
no cover for in-law parents in this, in this you will have
maximum two adults and three
dependent children and they have
also announced the criteria for dependent children here,
where normally the
age of your dependent children
in health insurance is 25 years, they have
increased it to 30 years
and if you see then you will get
one year, two year and three year policy together,
you can take it and pay the premium, the sum
assured option as I told you, here the
insurance of the base policy starts from Rs 5 lakh,
then it comes to Rs 1.5 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 25 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 50 lakh,
one crore, 3
crore and unlimited insurance cover option
is also available in it, so in this you get this insurance sum
assured option, this is the
eligibility
Let's understand who is eligible for this plan. Let's
understand what is covered in this base plan.
I haven't taken any advance.
If I take a basic vanilla type plan,
what benefits do I get
in that plan? First of all,
I get inpatient treatment and
hospitalization cover. Whatever sum
assured I have, I will be covered, and
my minimum should be 100%. The
cost of a single private SSI room will be covered here.
Inpatient
treatment is that after I am admitted to the hospital, all the
expenses incurred are
covered in inpatient treatment.
Second is day care treatment. Day
care treatment expenses are also covered for you,
up to sum of pre- and post-
hospitalization medical expenses. This is covered
up to sum of pre-
hospitalization 19 days and post-
hospitalization 180 days. Fourth is donor
expenses. If
I have to be admitted to the hospital for organ harvesting, then my
costs as a recipient and as a donor are covered.  To some domicile
hospitalization is covered up to some shot, but
my domicile hospitalization should be for three days.
What happens is that in these cases, if there is a
pandemic-like situation where there is an epidemic,
where beds are not available, then I am
taking treatment from home, so if I am taking treatment from home, then
I get that claim also
here, but here I do not get the pre-
hospitalization and post-hospitalization
expenses because I do not
know when I was admitted and when I was
discharged, right, and there are many such
treatments for which you do
not need to be admitted in the hospital,
you can take that treatment from home also, so up
to some of your things are covered in domicile hospitalization also.
Ayush
hospitalization, if you are taking Ayush treatment
like Unni, Siddha,
Homeopathy, then all those things are also
covered up to some shot in it. Domestic
road ambulance, if you have to go from one hospital to another
hospital or if
you have to go to another hospital for some test from one hospital,
where you have
used the ambulance, then that ambulance charges are
also covered here.  Reset Benefit: This
is the most important benefit today
that if you have
utilized the base sum of Rs. 10 lakh of the policy, the company will
reset it and give you up to 100%
of the sum assured. The biggest benefit in this is
that it will keep getting reset unlimited times
for any illnesses. Plus, you
get treatment for the surrogacy mother and if there are
donors from the other side, then
your claim of up to Rs. 5 lakh is also
passed here, relative to your sum assured.
Guaranteed sum assured: If you have
taken the base plan, then your sum assured will
increase by 20% every year
and will stop at 100%. As I told you, there is
no guarantee bonus in this,
but it is available in additions.
If I am taking the base policy, then my sum assured is increased which
increases by 20% every year and when it
reaches 100%, it will stop.  If
I have to undergo surgery for OBCT, then
for that also I get
coverage up to my sum assured. So there is
no limit on
discount on services and products. If
you download the ICICI Loard app
and register your policy there, then
you get discount on whatever product or service you use
and this is covered in the base policy.
Plus you get wellness discount. If
you have applied for the wellness program
and you follow that wellness program, then
you get a discount of 30%
on your renewal premium. Health
assistance means
you get a health assistant to improve
your health condition. If you are struggling with a health condition or if
you are facing some problem, then
here you get an assistant
from the company itself which will help you
to improve your health
condition. Now,
you get coverage for modern treatment as well. Coverage
of specified modern treatment up to certain
shots, nowadays it is chemotherapy or robotic
surgery. Okay, all these are treatments for asthma
which are modern treatments.
Nowadays, it is covered by this, so here your
entire claim is settled till the sum is settled, it is
not that there is any limit here, so all these
things are covered where you get full-fledged
comprehensive benefit,
where we understood what all things are covered,
if I take only ICICI Lombard's
Elevate Health Insurance Plan, then
what things are covered for me in the base policy,
let us understand these one by one, discover the
power of adds or optional covers, so
what do you get in advance in this, first is inflation,
which I have already explained to you,
where your base policy is of ₹ lakh, after
adding the cumulative bonus, it becomes 20 lakh,
but my claim which came and came is of 35 lakh,
so under inflation care, the company passes you a
big claim which is a claim of 35 lakh one time
during the policy period,
okay, so you
get that benefit here, where there is inflation care,
all this is in add-ons, keep in mind the second one is
inflation protector  Okay, if you take this add-on,
your sum assured will keep increasing based on
the inflation of the previous year.
Third is Power Booster. Get the cumulative bonus
of 100% every year irrespective of the claim
for the entire period. As we
understood in the base policy, where I am getting no claim
bonus added on Rs. 20, but if I choose the Power Booster
option, then I will get the sum assured. If
my base policy is Rs. 10 lakh, then
next year the sum assured of the policy will be Rs. 20
lakh, third year Rs. 30 lakh, then Rs. 40 lakh, 50 lakh, 60 lakh,
70 lakh and it will keep increasing from Rs. 10 lakh every year
for the entire period of time. If I
continue the policy for 20 years or
30 years, then my no claim bonus will keep
increasing from Rs. 10 lakh every year. Okay, this is a
very unique add-on, it can help a lot because
over a period of time, you will have
a huge sum assured accumulated
with your base policy plus the cumulative  Bonus
Domestic Air Ambulance: Okay, if you
take this add-on, then your domestic air
ambulance charges are covered up to the entire amount.
For example, if you have to travel from one hospital to
another or if you have to
travel to any other place in India
for treatment, then the air ambulance that you
use is covered up to the entire amount. Jump
Start: As I said, I take the Pre-Accommodate
add-on, which is called Age Jump Start.
So, my pre-existing
diseases like asthma, hypertension, diabetes,
hyperlipidemia, obesity, all these start getting covered
in 31 days. So, this is a very
important and unique proposition of add-on,
which can be taken by those who have pre-
existing diseases. Dependent Accommodation
Benefit: Okay, for dependent's accommodation,
if you are hospitalized, then someone or the other
stays with you, so
here you get money for their expenses as well, which
is Rs. 1000 per day and the maximum amount
is Rs. 1000.  It is okay for concubine days,
you will get it for 10 days together, then next time
you get admitted again, then next time
you will get it again, so for accommodation of 0000 concubine days for
dependents, you
get money here through claim protector,
like in normal policy we used to see that there are
glass charges, syringe charges,
mass charges, these are generally not covered and there are
many such charges which are not covered,
but if I take this plan then
up to sum all my non payable items are also
covered here, room modification, then I
can also upgrade the room modification or downgrade the room modification as per my choice, then comes the
compensation visit, if hospitalization
occurs for more than five days, company page
20000 per year, okay, compensation visit, if someone
wants to visit my close family
member, I am in Hyderabad, my
family is in Mumbai, then according to 00 per year,
I will get the money for economy class fare and
train travel ticket also.  I get it, but
my hospitalization should be for one day of
nursing at home. Normally,
after discharge, I need nursing at home. I
need a nurse. So,
here I get Rs 2000 per day,
maximum 10 days for post-hospitalization.
Nurse expenses are available here for 10
days. So, you get Rs 00
for nursing at home. Maternity
benefit is not covered in the base plan.
You have to take it as an add-on. Well,
here whether you have a normal delivery or a suction
delivery, that too is covered up to 10 per cent.
If you have a policy of Rs 10 lakh, then the
maximum cover is up to Rs 1 lakh and there is a
waiting period in it.
You can take this add-on in a 2-year policy, but
you will have a waiting period for 2 years and
after 2 years, your maternity benefit will be
covered here. Rs 1 lakh is a good amount for
maternity
benefit. Then comes durable medical
equipment.  Recover: So, the
charges of medical equipment are also covered for you
but up to a maximum of Rs 5 lakh. Like, if you
buy a wheelchair, couches or any other
medical equipment which you need at home or
in the office, then
all those things are also covered here.
Then comes the newborn baby cover
of the newborn baby, which if
you have included in your claim through maternity, then along with it,
if there is any cost or expense of the child for up to 90 days,
it is covered
and its sum limit is twice the
sum limit of maternity expenses.
What is the sum limit of maternity expenses? 10 per cent of the sum limit
which is maximum Rs 1 lakh. So here the
sum limit of maternity expenses which means
your sum limit becomes up to Rs 2 lakh
for the newborn baby. Right,
twice the sum limit of maternity.
What is the maximum limit of maternity?  ₹ lakh has become
twice your lakh, so
you get cover of up to 2 lakh for the newborn baby here,
plus you also get vaccination
for the newborn baby which you take in the first year, so
you also get 1 per sum of maximum 10000 here, so this is also a
big advantage, plus you get
convertible benefit, if you are hospitalized for
more than 10 days, then you
get ₹ 2000000 per year because what is convertible benefit, that
you have a hospital accident
and you are not able to go to the office, are
not able to work, then for that you get
20000 add-on benefit from the company under class benefit,
plus here you
get benefit for health checkup, that is
maximum up to 5000 and 0.5 off sum of money on
cashless basis, you can also get health checkup done,
but you will get it cashless, that is  5000 and 0.5
off sum then comes your B Fit. B Fit
covers your outpatient
hospitalization or outpatient hospital
cost which covers OPD
covers pharmacy which covers diagnostic
which covers physiotherapy.
All these things are not covered in the base policy.
Apart from if you are
going for hospitalization, I get a surgery done, then
all these things are covered where
my medicine bills are passed, my
diagnostics are passed,
my physiotherapy is passed,
but here for separate treatment, I
go to a normal doctor and there he
diagnoses me and prescribes me medicines, then all
these things are also covered.
Where I
need to be hospitalized, I am also getting treatment in a nursing clinic
and from there I can get
cured, so this add-on of B Fit
covers these things. Plus, the
most thing you need to pay attention to here is the
network advantage. If you
go to a network hospital and get treatment, then you get
10%  But you get a discount on the premium and
if you go to a non-network hospital, then a
commitment of 20% is applied to you.
This is a very important point to keep in
mind because if you
choose a non-network hospital, then a
co-payment of 20% will be applicable on all your medical bills. Then comes
tele-consultation. You can do unlimited tele-consultation, from
your treatment to
your illness to your health, you
can do unlimited tele-consultation
through video calls, audio calls, mobile phones,
online calls, you can do tele-consultation from anywhere.
Plus, your personal accidental
policy is also made in it, which is
covered up to 50 lakhs. If you are below 65 years, then
you get this cover, where
if something happens to you due to an accident, then your
nominee gets a claim of up to ₹ 1 lakh.
We can also reduce the waiting period for maternity
through  This option where I had
told that the waiting period for maternity is
2 years or 24 months but if
I take this add-on then my
waiting period gets reduced from 0
years to 1 year.
I can also take the add-on of critical illness benefit in this plan
where 20 listed critical illnesses
are covered and the maximum limit is 50
lakhs. Okay, I take a cover of 50 lakhs
and if any of these 20 listed critical illnesses is
diagnosed then I get
this 50 lakhs immediately.
Hospitalization cost, all this is not covered in this.
Any critical illness is detected straight away and I will get that 50 lakhs.
Payment to voluntary option of
10 per 20, 30 per 40 and 50 per 50
is available here but generally we avoid
voluntary copayment. Why do
you want to make copayment if 5  If you get a bill of Rs 20 lakh and
choose to pay Rs 20 per month, then Rs 1 lakh will remain from your pocket.
If there was a deductible, it
would have made some sense, but the payment is a complete no. The
premium gets reduced, but
you don't get that much advantage. So
you can avoid going with this add-on. That feature is
available, but you have to exercise it or not, that is what you
can choose. Friends, so many
additions are available in ICICI Lord's
Elevate Health Insurance Policy.
You
can add them as per your requirement. If you want maternity benefit,
you can take it. If you want insurance claim,
you can take insurance. You can take it. If you want to
reduce the waiting period of maternity, you can take it. If you want
tele-consultation benefit, you
can take it. There are so many additions. Okay, the more you
advance, the more your premium will keep increasing.
So, as per your needs and
requirements, you can add these add-ons in it. So
far, we have seen
what unique features are available in this
policy.  If I take a base policy,
what all things are covered?
We have understood the aids in great depth about what
aids are available and how they function. With
respect to biotic surgery, with
respect to claims, with respect to
maternity benefit, with respect to medical
equipment charges, with respect to co-
payments. You get discounts in this policy,
as I told you,
on the basis of your credit score
discounts, credit score base discount
in premium up to 15%,
you get a discount on your basic credit score,
plus if you pay 3 years' premium together,
you get a discount of 10%. If you
pay 2 years' premium together,
you also get a discount of 5% on your
premium. So this is a very important
feature and where you are getting discount on premium,
when we have
understood all the benefits, now we understand
what are the waiting periods in it.
Waiting period is very important
because after I take the policy,
I have to wait.  For all my other
benefits to become active like
pre-
existing diseases like cooling period
like maternity expenses like
biuret surgery expenses, all these become
active over a period of time and
after spending some time in the
policy, let us understand what is this waiting period.
Firstly, my initial waiting period is of
30 days, that I took the policy today and
within 30 days, none of my medical
expenses are covered except from
accidents, my accidents are covered from day one, the
rest of my medical illness
related diseases will be covered
after 30 days,
as I told you earlier, the waiting period for pre-existing diseases
comes in this for 36 months,
after 36 months your pre-existing disease
starts getting covered and if you have
taken the add-on of Jump Start then  They will
start covering pre-exit diseases from 31 days.
Third comes the waiting period for specified diseases. There are
many specified diseases,
illnesses which they cover after
24 months like arthritis,
kidney stone or any other list
which you have to understand that there is a specific disease
which is covered only after 24 months and
this is the
rule followed by all the health insurance companies where
your specified disease is 24 months, pre-
existing disease is 36 months, maternity is 24
months, this basic thing is the same for you
across insurance companies. If you have taken an add-on
of critical illness as I
told you where you are getting a sum assured of Rs 50 lakh, then
if you are getting a sum assured of Rs 50 lakh within
90 days, then
you will not get the cover, it will be active after 90 days,
right, so these waiting periods apply to
you.  It is very important to be careful about biopsy
surgery. As I told you, to
control obesity, you have to
undergo a surgery for cutting, then
you get that benefit but it is covered after 24 months.
Well, this is covered in the base policy itself.
Waiting period for diabetes,
hypertension, cardiac conditions is
not there in PD but for that also you
start getting covered only after 90 days.
Like the initial waiting period is of 30 days
but all these diseases like diabetes,
hypertension or cardiac conditions without
PD start getting covered after 90 days. There is
no need to wait for 36 months for that. So you have to keep in mind the criteria of 30 and 90 days that
after that time my policy actually becomes active
and not from day one, from day one
only accident is covered for me,
maternity as I told you, there is a
waiting period of 24 months and
both husband and wife  He should remain in the policy for 24
months only then it is covered
and if you take that add on then you have the
option to reduce the waiting period
from 24 months to 12
months from two years to one year. So
you need to keep all these waiting periods in mind
whenever you are taking this policy.
Friends, this was about ICICI Lombard's
Elevate Health Insurance Policy where
you are
getting infinite assurance, infinite
sum assured, the entry age is up
to 125 years, where
you are getting all these benefits which are infinite.
When we talk about infinite then
you do not have any limit, bonuses of anything will keep getting added
every year, I can choose
unlimited sum assured,
in the policy period I can get a big
insurance claim settled one time which can be
of Rs 50 lakh or even Rs 1 crore,
right, so all these things are
available as benefits here in this policy.  Which
is very unique and very important
for any policy holder who
enters into this policy, friends, this was about
ICC Labad's Elevate, that's all for today, see you
in the next video
with another topic where we will discuss more
great life insurance and health
insurance policies which can be beneficial for you,
so don't
forget to subscribe to our channel, see you
in the next video, Antya signing of Mahindra Ram